	COMP 360-01 Programming Languages   Fall 2019

Project 1
Due Date: October 4

Objective: Learn programming language implementation systems. Practice conduction syntax analysis on given program components.

Assignment: Language implementation systems must input a file, identify substrings, and find all syntax errors, regardless of the specific implementation approach. For an input program a lexical analyzer will break a file into lexemes and tokens. A parser will find all syntax errors. For each error the parser will produce an appropriate diagnostic message, and recover quickly.
For the Education Programming Language defined as follows: Choose a programming language that you are familiar with, to implement a Lexical Analyzer and a Top-down parser. The Lexical Analyzer will read the test program and generate lexemes with token types. The parser must use the recursive-descent parsing to implement the syntax analysis. The project must implement the following functions:
1.	Input the test program.
2.	Use the Lexical Analyzer to generate lexemes and tokens, and display them.
3.	Use the recursive-descent parsing process to check the syntax of the test program
4.	If the test program is generated by the Education Programming Language display “The sample program is correct”, otherwise display “Compiler error”, and identify the syntax error.

Requirements:
•	This is a two person team project.
•	You must use department programming standards.
•	The program must execute correctly.
•	Email your program to Zhipeng Liu <zliu2@aggies.ncat.edu>.

EBNF grammar for a Education programming language:
<program> 	-> 	<keyword> <funcname> () { <declare> <stmts>}
<keyword>	->     	float
<declare>	->     	float <ident> ;
		|   	float <ident> , <declarident>
<declarident> ->	 <ident> , <declarident>
		|	<ident>;
<stmts>	->     	<assign> ; <stmts>
		|	<assign> ;
<assign>	-> 	<ident> = <expr>
<expr>		-> 	<ident> {+|-} <expr>
	| <ident>
<funcname>	->	<ident>
<ident> 	-> 	a <ident> | b <ident> | … |z <ident> | e

Test your program using the following programs as input files.

First test program

float comb()
{	float m, n, p;
m = n + m - p;
}

Second test program

float addsub()
{	float x, z;
x - z;
}
